README.md, before:

# Choice-Based Detective Game

An interactive detective story game where you make choices to progress. Built with React.

# What I Made

A simple detective storytelling game. You click on cards to go to different locations and the story moves forward. When you hover over cards, there's a 3D tilt effect and video animations play.

# Features

- Choice-based story system
- 3D card animations (follows mouse movement)
- Video animations on hover
- Custom cursor animation
- Story management through JSON

# Installation

```bash
npm install
```

# Running the Project

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:5173`.

# How It Works

1. The `locations.json` file contains scenes and choices
2. Each scene shows different cards
3. Clicking a card takes you to a new scene
4. Moving your mouse over cards creates 3D effects

# Technologies Used

- React
- Vite
- CSS animations

# References

- Card animation: ProgrammerCloud Youtube Channel
https://www.youtube.com/@ProgrammerCloud/shorts
----------------------------------------------------
- Font: FontSpace Website
https://www.fontspace.com/



Atif Miraç İlbaş - 21125030

Commit message:

Add audio system, settings UI, magic cursor, and update components

README.md, after:

# Choice-Based Detective Game

An interactive detective story game where you make choices to progress. Built with React.

# What I Made

A simple detective storytelling game. You click on cards to go to different locations and the story moves forward. When you hover over cards, there's a 3D tilt effect and video animations play.

# Features

- Choice-based story system
- 3D card animations (follows mouse movement)
- Video animations on hover
- Custom cursor animation with particle effects
- Settings modal for music and sound effects
- Audio system for interactions
- Story management through JSON

# Installation

```bash
npm install
```

# Running the Project

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:5173`.

# How It Works

1. The `locations.json` file contains scenes and choices
2. Each scene shows different cards
3. Clicking a card takes you to a new scene
4. Moving your mouse over cards creates 3D effects

# Technologies Used

- React
- Vite
- CSS animations

# References

- Card animation: ProgrammerCloud Youtube Channel

https://www.youtube.com/@ProgrammerCloud/shorts
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Sd-GyReNr3U 

----------------------------------------------------

- Font: FontSpace Website

https://www.fontspace.com/





# Atif Miraç İlbaş - 21125030
